docs: mostly warn people off of using xdebug_ide_location (#5857)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/configuration/config.md

## `xdebug_ide_location`

> Adjust Xdebug listen location for WSL2 or in-container. This is used very rarely, please don't change it unless you really know why.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjust Xdebug listen location for WSL2 or in-container. This is used very rarely, please don't change it unless you really know what you're doing.
```
